Management, maintenance, updates and control of servers, routers, clients and other network components.
Apache is the most popular Web server software. It enables a computer to host one or more websites that can be accessed over the Internet using a Web browser. 
Music and Film Production using Logic Pro and Final Cut Pro.
Agentless management of installs, deployments and many other tasks that can be automated.
A command language interpreter that executes commands entered at a command prompt and process text file input.
Open source 3D creation suite. It supports modeling, rigging, animation, simulation, rendering, compositing and motion tracking, video editing and a 2D animation pipeline.
A digital record with each transaction linked together in single list called a chain.  Used by cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, and many other applications.
A CSS framework directed at responsive, mobile-first front-end web development.
A family of programming languages that derive syntax from the original.  C++ and Objective C are supersets of C.
An open-source software rapid development web framework, mostly used for building dynamic web sites with PHP.
A command-line interface (CLI) processes commands in the form of lines of text.
Macro preprocessor for the C, Objective-C and C++ computer programming languages, allowing header files, macro expansions, conditional compilation, and line control.
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), a style sheet language used for describing the presentation of a document written in a markup language such as HTML.
Tools for both defensive and offensive cybersecurity, networking, systems, web technologies, and databases.
Development tools such as linkers, compilers, code editors, GUI designers, IDEs , assemblers, debuggers, and other tools.
Django is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean pragmatic design.
Source code editors that include Visual Studio Code, BBEdit, vim, emacs and other editors.
HTML5 is the newest HTML markup language used for structuring and presenting content on the World Wide Web.
A set of commands used to display, create, convert, modify and edit raster images. 
iOS (formerly iPhone OS) is a mobile operating system created and developed by Apple Inc.exclusively for its hardware.
Java is a class-based, object-oriented programming language intending to let application developers write code once and run anywhere on all major platforms,
JavaScript is high-level language, just-in-time compiled, and multi-paradigm. It uses curly-bracket syntax, dynamic typing, prototype-based object-orientation, and first-class functions.
A JavaScript library designed to simplify HTML DOM tree traversal and manipulation, as well as event handling, CSS animation, and Ajax.
A family of open-source Unix-like operating systems based on the Linux kernel, typically packaged in a Linux distribution.
 An open-source relational database management system that is typically used with other programs to implement applications that need relational database capability.
Perl refers to Perl 5, but from 2000 to 2019 it also referred to its redesigned "sister language", Perl 6, before the latter's name was officially changed to Raku in October 2019.
Adobe Photoshop is a raster graphics editor developed and published by Adobe Inc. for Windows and macOS.
PHP is a general-purpose scripting language especially suited to web development.
Python is an interpreted high-level general-purpose programming language. Python's design philosophy emphasizes code readability with its notable use of significant indentation. 
Raspberry Pi is a series of small single-board computers developed in the United Kingdom by the Raspberry Pi Foundation in association with Broadcom.
Ruby is an interpreted, high-level, general-purpose programming language. It was designed and developed in the mid-1990s by Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto in Japan.
Cybersecurity refers to the security of devices such as computers and smartphones, as well as private and public networks, and the Internet.
Keyboard shortcuts are a means for invoking one or more commands using the keyboard rather than a menu, a pointing device,  a user interface, or via a command-line interface.
Structured Query Language] is a domain-specific language used in programming and designed for managing data held in a relational database management system (RDBMS).
Transport Layer Security (TLS) and its deprecated predecessor, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), are cryptographic protocols designed to provide communications security over a computer network.
Swift is a general-purpose, multi-paradigm, compiled programming language developed by Apple Inc. and the open-source community, first released in 2014.
SwiftUI is an innovative, simple way to build user interfaces across all Apple platforms with the power of Swift.
Unreal Engine is a state-of-the-art real-time editor that features photorealistic rendering, dynamic physics and effects, lifelike animation, robust data translation, and much more.
A group of several proprietary graphical operating system families, all of which are developed and marketed by Microsoft.
 Apple's integrated development environment (IDE) for macOS, used to develop software for macOS, iOS, iPadOS, watchOS, and tvOS.
